Oh summer bitch what are you doing I'm
kicking the shit out of this guy state
prison system wait are you serious yeah
this is an officer of the law
we get in a lot of trouble here I'm
sorry wait are you serious yeah pretty
sweet huh
stop you're a bad guy I'm sorry man I
didn't kick you yeah you did make sure
you're the one to pull the switch so
crazy why would he go through all that
effort just to raped and murdered his
wife
I'm sorry man it was the 1927 Hoover had
just declared war on Cuba a gallon of
bread cost million diesel and a new
dance craze called you son of a bitch
was sweeping the city shot cops and
speakeasies it was discovered when a
traveling businessman named Jeremiah
Phillips came across a young man taken
to ragamuffins in the city street one
day they agreed to split the profits
from the new Jake fifty-fifty and then
headed off to the bright lights of New
York City well in a matter of weeks the
two men were millionaires and decided to
pool their resources into building what
would later be known as the Empire State
Building they told them plan for seven
long years on the construction of the
modern marvel but then the ice age set
in the weather pattern shifted and all
the Northeast became engulfed in ice and
tundra soon the meat truck stopped
coming into the Big Apple then the
vegetation withered and died the sky
grew dark and slowly mankind thinned
into extinction
the end